{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
[ 1/23/2022 update ]\
\
I have pushed an update called draft3. Below is a plan and summary of what is different or needed.\
\
Start by looking over Sections 2,3,4,5,6,7 to see what are the changes.  Do the definitions and theorem statements make sense? Try to see if things work, and, if not, we need to make the necessary changes to definitions and theorem statements. Also fill in various missing pieces in theorem statements and in needed text and explanations that surround them so as to make things complete, readable and accessible.\
\
Once we are clear on this, proceed to proofs. The expectation is that this will consist mostly of re-using your prior proofs, with adjustments to notation and new definitions; the ideas have not changed. However, as discussed below, we will revisit the f-indiff of MD.\
\
Here is a summary of changes and the intent behind them.\
\
Filters now designate some ports as public, and f-indiff is accordingly modified. The intent is that public indiff is captured as a special case of f-indiff. This is nice, saying we generalize prior work, and could be useful in other applications. But the main intent here was to potentially simplify the proof of f-indiff of MD by exploiting the fact that MD is already known to be public indiff. So one question and task is to see if this works out.\
\
There are now two notions of security, UF and fUF, that both apply to standard signature schemes, meaning we have no need of an object called a filtered signature scheme.\
\
The sequence of theorems has been restructured to hopefully be clearer, and theorems are phrased in the new language.\
\
There are many minor changes in definitions and notation.\
\
One thing we need is pictures. There is a sequence of pictures, various boxes and arrows as usual with indiff, that explain what is going on much better than merely stating theorems. We should be able to make good pictures with tikz since this can use our latex macros. I have sketches of the pictures on paper. How shall we proceed to get pictures rendered?\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}